hey we've got some lights we're making
this our home I mean it's on the field
you have to be uncomfortable yeah and
it's just not you do not sort of eat
like cookies right now Christmastime is
Christmas time everywhere and every time
kids walk down the hall I see our lights
are really pretty in here and I just
feel the joy in the Christmas spirit and
we're just spread the love you know in
anticipation of baby Jesus
so just that keeping it real or I count
the days down one at a time and
installation of the good stuff of the
break so there you have it
Christmas is one of our favorite of
these seasons so we decided we were
gonna get pretty festive with they get
all that so Isaac bought Christmas I
read from Walmart charges in Walmart and
laughing things would break but I just
saw the tree and I thought I really
wanted to kind of bring the room so I
bought that and those lights and then
for burger then I brought up one of my
octopus lamps that has several settings
allows you to make it just read in the
room so we set that erupts few time
going on here yeah there you go for a
room that we could just sit around it
and you know watch a movie mysterious
music yeah
a door and I like your hands too closest
thing man you've decorated some
different ways the poster lights